the favorite sport is something that is cultivated but not brilliant
stoned and strenuous
maria la longa real all the first time as they did first indiscreet hand
time have been in the game. not powered convince
de santis drowned the goal with a
a great intervention
then after 2 0 we frayed we let it rain cost them
midfielders then they have these these front players who leave you
in speed behind the right defensive line it is difficult because they stretch you
holy easter let's not be alone
bell'icon patty
option send you -
I'm at the evening time
and that then when now thirty of buildings to prove it were better than we are
very organized on a team well that looks like that
and that they run more normally is not just an illusion we say god why
they are always very compact very organized and they know when it will not come out
they run a vote then
looks like they run behind
the difference is also the enthusiasm we see them
if a team they are have been built for others
in order to fight for other objectives, I am very excited about it
at this time football enjoy so much
now speak of very reductive objectives
we must analyze the madness of tonight
objectively we are very far from the first position
badoo absolutely must arrive in the top 4
now it is necessary
reset a brain for what concerns the game of
tonight same reality Wednesday 30 another game
mirrors can give that to rho
that enthusiasm to arrive at the end of the season certainly not for the uncertain motorbike
giorgia
price
what do you mean
Ugh
no eh the preparation the preparation always the same preparation always the
same folder feels always pulls some more motivation but in
this moment after the defeat of the gene I believe that the motivation to say
everything is at its best